
Q1 What is an Operating System and what all functions are provided by Operating System?

An Operating System (OS) is an interface between a computer user and computer hardware. An operating system 
is a software which performs all the basic tasks like file management, memory management, process management, handling 
input and output, and controlling peripheral devices such as disk drives and printers.
Some popular Operating Systems include Linux Operating System, Windows Operating System, Android.

Following are some of important functions of an operating System.
Memory Management
Processor Management
Device Management
File Management
Security
Control over system performance
Job accounting
Error detecting aids
Coordination between other software and users



Q2 What is a process? Explain Priority Scheduling and Round Robin(RR) Scheduling algorithms.

A process is basically a program in execution. The execution of a process must progress in a sequential fashion.
A Process Scheduler schedules different processes to be assigned to the CPU based on particular scheduling algorithms.
some popular process scheduling algorithms:

1)Priority Scheduling
Priority scheduling is a non-preemptive algorithm and one of the most common scheduling algorithms in batch systems.
Each process is assigned a priority. Process with highest priority is to be executed first and so on.
Processes with same priority are executed on first come first served basis.
Priority can be decided based on memory requirements, time requirements or any other resource requirement.

2)Round Robin(RR) Scheduling
Round Robin is the preemptive process scheduling algorithm.
Each process is provided a fix time to execute, it is called a quantum.
Once a process is executed for a given time period, it is preempted and other process executes for a given time period.
Context switching is used to save states of preempted processes.



Q3 List some basic features of Linux Operating System.
Following are some of the important features of Linux Operating System:

Portable − Portability means software can works on different types of hardware in same way. 
Linux kernel and application programs supports their installation on any kind of hardware platform.
Open Source − Linux source code is freely available and it is community based development project. 
Multiple teams work in collaboration to enhance the capability of Linux operating system and it is continuously evolving.
Multi-User − Linux is a multiuser system means multiple users can access system resources like memory/ ram/ application programs at same time.
Multiprogramming − Linux is a multiprogramming system means multiple applications can run at same time.
Hierarchical File System − Linux provides a standard file structure in which system files/ user files are arranged.
Shell − Linux provides a special interpreter program which can be used to execute commands of the operating system. 
It can be used to do various types ofoperations, call application programs. etc
Security − Linux provides user security using authentication features like password
protection/ controlled access to specific files/ encryption of data.





