Q.1 Explain what HTTP is and how it is Unidirectional?

Stands for "Hypertext Transfer Protocol." HTTP is the protocol used to transfer data over the web. It is part of the Internet 
protocol suite and defines commands and services used for transmitting webpage data. HTTP uses a server-client model. 
A client,for example, may be a home computer, laptop, or mobile device.
The HTTP server is typically a web host running web server software, such as Apacheor IIS. When you access a website, 
your browser sends a request to the corresponding web server and it responds with an HTTP status code. If the URL is valid
and the connection is granted, the server will send your browser the webpage and related files.
Some common HTTP status codes include:
1. 200 - successful request (the webpage exists)
2. 401 - unauthorized request (authorization required)
3. 500 - internal server error (often caused by an incorrect server configuration)
NOTE: URLs that begin with "http://" are accessed over the standard hypertext transfer
protocol and use port 80 by default.
URLs that start with "https://" are accessed over a secure HTTPS connection and often
use port 443.





Q.2 What is IPv4 and IPv6
IP stands for internet protocol. It is a protocol defined in the TCP/IP model used for sending the packets from source to destination. 
The main task of IP is to deliver the packets from source to the destination based on the IP addresses available in the packet headers.

Pv4 is a version 4 of IP. It is a current version and the most commonly used IP address.
It is a 32-bit address written in four numbers separated by 'dot', i.e., periods. This address is unique for each device.For example, 66.94.29.13
The above example represents the IP address in which each group of numbers separated by periods is called an Octet. 
Each number in an octet is in the range from 0-255. This address can produce 4,294,967,296 possible unique addresses.

IPv6 is the next generation of IP addresses. The main difference between IPv4 and IPv6 is the address size of IP addresses. 
The IPv4 is a 32-bit address, whereas IPv6 is a 128-bit hexadecimal address.IPv6 provides a large address space, 
and it contains a simple header as compared to IPv4. This hexadecimal address contains both numbers and alphabets. 
Due to the usage of both the numbers and alphabets, IPv6 is capable of producing over 340 undecillion addresses. 
IPv6 is a 128-bit hexadecimal address made up of 8 sets of 16 bits each, and these 8 sets are separated by a colon.




Q.3 What is DNS?

The Domain Name System (DNS) is the phonebook of the Internet. Humans access information online through domain names, 
like nytimes.com or espn.com. Web browsers interact through Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. DNS translates domain
names to IP addresses so browsers can load Internet resources. Each device connected to the Internet has a unique IP address 
which other machines use to find the device. DNS servers eliminate the need for humans to memorize IP addresses such as 192.168.1.1 
(in IPv4), or more complex newer alphanumeric IP addresses such as 2400:cb00:2048:1::c629:d7a2 (in IPv6).




Q.4 Explain what CDN is ?

CDN (Computer Delivery Network) is a system of distributed servers that deliver web pages and other web content to a user based 
on the geographic locations of the user, the origin of the webpage and a content delivery server. Suppose I am running
the website outside the UK and I am serving the website all around the world. When the user wants to access my website, then 
they request to the web server, and users from different countries will have different latency. For example, People who live in
Australia will have more latency than those who stay in India.Key Terminology of CloudFront CDN.
Edge Location: Edge location is the location where the content will be cached. Origin: It defines the origin of all the files that CDN will distribute.




Q.5 What is a DeadLock?
A Deadlock is a situation where each of the process waits for a resource which is being used by some another process. 
In this situation, none of the process gets executed since the resource it needs, is held by some other process which is also
waiting for some other resource. It is Like an infinite loop. it is like two process are waiting for each other forever.

lets say P1,P2,P3 are some process and R1,R2,R3 are resources.
P1 needs R1 to do some task which is being used by P2. P1 stops the process
since it can't complete without R2. P2 also demands for R1 which is being used by some other process say P3.
P2 also stops its execution. P3 also demands for R1 which is being used by P1 therefore P3 also stops its execution.
In this scenario, a cycle is being formed among these three processes. None of the
process is progressing and they are all waiting. The computer becomes unresponsive
since all the processes got blocked.


